Docs: improve progress bar labels markup and explanations for accessibility (#39364)
twbs/bootstrap: site/content/docs/5.3/components/progress.md

</div>
{{< /example >}}

### Long labels

Note that by default, the content inside the `.progress-bar` is controlled with `overflow: hidden`, so it doesn't bleed out of the bar. If your progress bar is shorter than its label, the content will be capped and may become unreadable. To change this behavior, you can use `.overflow-visible` from the [overflow utilities]({{< docsref "/utilities/overflow" >}}).

{{< callout warning >}}

> **Accessibility warning:** Long labels may not be fully accessible with this method. As it relies on the text color having the right contrast ratio with both the `.progress` and `.progress-bar` background colors, your color palette could be incompatible with this approach.

Reviewer: the colour problem applies to short labels inside progress bars as well though

Author: > the colour problem applies to short labels inside progress bars as well though

I'm not sure to understand precisely this point.

My approach was the following:
- `.text-bg-*` is taking care of the contrast issues (and if overridden, should be done by the users to ensure the right contrast).
- When folks don't want to use these utilities, the following sentence is supposed to cover this use case: "... make sure to also set an appropriate text color, so the labels remain readable and have sufficient contrast".

So the remaining case would be the label not fitting in the really small space -> use `overflow-visible` but be careful (the yellow accessibility callout) because you probably never find a color contrast working for both the colored progress bar, the gray area behind, and the text over these 2 surfaces.

By moving the yellow callout down and making it non-specific to long labels, I have the impression that a use case wouldn't be explained/understood.

Do you have an idea/a wording to tackle everything in one callout moved further down? Don't hesitate to push a commit on top of mine. Would be great if there was a simplified way to explain that, my wording capacities are limited in English ^^

Reviewer: >I'm not sure to understand precisely this point.

unless i'm missing something, regardless of length of the label, it will always have to contrast against both the progress bar itself and the progress background. it's just that it's likely that for "long" labels, the problem is likely more obvious?

Author: I was thinking about the first two use cases in https://codepen.io/julien-deramond/pen/QWYxwXV where the overflow is hidden or when the value is static and the developers know whether the label can always fit within the progress bar and will never overlap the progress background.
Maybe it's a bad practice but I saw that on websites.

Reviewer: sorry, getting back to this after a long break... but my point is even in those examples you mention, look at the first one...it doesn't quite fit into the blue bar either.

![screenshot of the codepen, with the first '1%' text circled, as it also doesn't fully sit over the blue progress bar](https://github.com/twbs/bootstrap/assets/895831/ebbb9ef7-f151-493d-93e8-fa2798fc955f)

so my point is: the callout applies in all situations - you'll likely never find a colour for the text that contrasts sufficiently against both the bar and the bar background, and particularly when the progress bar is actually used to show dynamic progress, you won't generally be able to guarantee that text fits in perfectly under all conditions. that's why i'd say the callout should be generalised, as it's not just a problem with dark mode etc

> **Accessibility warning:** Long labels may not be fully accessible with this method. As it relies on the text color having the right contrast ratio with both the `.progress` and `.progress-bar` background colors, your color palette could be incompatible with this approach.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Labels longer than the progress bar within may not be fully accessible using this method because it relies on the text color having the correct contrast ratio with both the `.progress` and `.progress-bar` background colors. Use caution when implementing this example.
```
